https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eb-HjjAUr4&ab_channel=PIXELLESSTUDIO

About Us

We’re a group of creative thinkers

In a world where we’re all vying for each other’s attention, AR and VR grabs a hold and doesn’t let go. From the basic to the bizarre, the entertaining to enlightening, these virtual experiences have the potential to engage audiences in new and exciting ways that they’re curious to explore.


 AR content‍
AR will be a mainstream technology.  The experience has improved and become more accessible. many brands are already using AR to promote everything from makeup to humanitarian campaigns

VR content
Inspiration, engagement, impact – just some of the reasons why the world’s leading brands are creating amazing VR marketing experiences.
Branding
We create the brand that works for you! From the logo to the facebook page. From the UI to the UX.


LINGO VR: Privacy Policy

‍TL;DR - Protecting your privacy is important to us, so data is stored and collected for the correct function of the game(which is needed for the function of speech recognition or AI responses, etc.) to help the game function properly.‍No personal data (e.g. e-mail address, IP address, ...) is stored in any of these logs. If this ever changes in the future, this privacy policy will be updated to reflect that.This data is only stored locally on your device and is never shared with us directly.If you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact us at castelain.me@gmail.com if you want your collected data deleted!Now here's the legal stuff: Effective as of february 02, 2024 Emmy Castelain built the Lingo XR app as a  Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Emmy Castelain and is intended for use as is.This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at pixellesstudio.com/privacypolicy unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.‍‍INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE - For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with anonymous information, identified by anonymized random ID's generated by the third party services used.‍Below is a list of privacy policies of the third party apps used, as well as their point of contact:Recognissimo ( speach recognition used for development of the application) - contact: bluezzzy.dev@gmail.comMixpanel - contact: compliance@mixpanel.comCOOKIES - Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.‍‍SERVICE PROVIDERS - We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.‍IN-APP PURCHASES - The game may include in-app purchases at a future date, which will give users access to additional puzzles. In-app purchase payments will be processed by the store from which you originally downloaded the application. You may access the applicable "in-app" purchase rules and policies directly from the applicable app store(s).SECURITY - We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.CHILDREN'S PRIVACY - We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website or our software. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY - We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.CONTACT - If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at castelain.me@gmail.com.‍this page is managed by Pixelles Studio‍This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator